Update Template README (#12741)
paritytech/substrate: bin/node-template/README.md

# Substrate Node Template

A fresh [Substrate](https://substrate.io/) node, ready for hacking :rocket:

The stand-alone version of this template is hosted on the [Substrate Devhub Parachain Template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template/) for each release of Polkadot.
This is generated directly at each Polkadot release branch form the [Node Template in Substreate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/bin/node-template) upstream

> It is usually best to to use the stand-alone version to start a new project.

Author: Well, it's not for simplicity, it's because then you don't have the entire rest of cumulus to maintain ;)

# Substrate Node Template

A fresh FRAME-based [Substrate](https://substrate.io/) node, ready for hacking :rocket:

> This is template is available from two locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template is available from two locations:
```

> 1. The maintained upstream version in the [Substrate repository](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/bin/node-template) that is updated as the rest of Substrate is developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The upstream version in the [Substrate repository](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/bin/node-template) that is updated as the rest of Substrate is developed.
```

Author: I want to be explicit here, to make sure there is zero confusion that eh devhub template is not a place to make any PRs or issues. Just a handy template repo that they can use

db keystore network
```

### Connect with Polkadot-JS Apps Front-End

> Once the node template is running locally, you can interact with it with **Polkadot-JS Apps** front-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the node template is running locally, you can interact with it using the **Polkadot-JS Apps** front-end.
```

- Dispatchables: FRAME pallets define special types of functions that can be invoked (dispatched) from outside of the runtime in order to update its state.
- Events: Substrate uses [events and errors](https://docs.substrate.io/build/events-and-errors/) to notify users of important changes in the runtime.
- Errors: When a dispatchable fails, it returns an error.
- Config: The `Config` configuration interface is used to define the types and parameters upon which a FRAME pallet depends.

## Alternatives Installations

Instead of installing dependencies and building this source directly, consider the following alternatives.

### Nix

Install [nix](https://nixos.org/), and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) and [lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug-and-play experience for setting up the development environment.
To get all the correct dependencies, activate direnv `direnv allow` and lorri `lorri shell`.

### Docker

First, install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

Then run the following command to start a single node development chain.

```sh

> ./scripts/docker_run.sh

Reviewer 2: if i run clone the substrate repo, and check out this branch 'ds/template-readme', and then as root user i run `./bin/node-template/scripts/docker_run.sh` it outputs `-bash: ./bin/node-template/scripts/docker_run.sh: Permission denied`. if i run 
the following first `chmod +x ./bin/node-template/scripts/docker_run.sh` then i'm able to run that script.

if i then run `git ls-tree -r HEAD`, it outputs the following `100644 blob 0bac44b4cfb3b61959bc65ae6de72c22fade7ff4	bin/node-template/scripts/docker_run.sh`.

so to change its permissions to 755 i think we should run `git update-index --chmod=+x ./bin/node-template/scripts/docker_run.sh` and then commit that change to this PR?

  Chain specifications are useful for development and testing, and critical when architecting the launch of a production chain.
  Take note of the `development_config` and `testnet_genesis` functions, which are used to define the genesis state for the local development chain configuration.
  These functions identify some [well-known accounts](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/command-line-tools/subkey/) and use them to configure the blockchain's initial state.
- [`service.rs`](./node/src/service.rs): This file defines the node implementation.
  Take note of the libraries that this file imports and the names of the functions it invokes.
  In particular, there are references to consensus-related topics, such as the [block finalization and forks](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/fundamentals/consensus/#finalization-and-forks) and other [consensus mechanisms](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/fundamentals/consensus/#default-consensus-models) such as Aura for block authoring and GRANDPA for finality.

> After the node has been [built](#build), refer to the embedded documentation to learn more about the capabilities and configuration parameters that it exposes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Seems out of place and redundant.

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ./target/release/node-template --help

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Runtime

> In Substrate, the terms "runtime" and "state transition function" are analogous - they refer to the core logic of the blockchain that is responsible for validating blocks and executing the state changes they define.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Substrate, the terms "runtime" and "state transition function" are analogous.
Both terms refer to the core logic of the blockchain that is responsible for validating blocks and executing the state changes they define.
```

> The Substrate project in this repository uses [FRAME](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/fundamentals/runtime-intro/#frame) to construct a blockchain runtime.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Substrate project in this repository uses [FRAME](https://docs.substrate.io/fundamentals/runtime-development/#frame) to construct a blockchain runtime.
```

Review the [FRAME runtime implementation](./runtime/src/lib.rs) included in this template and note the following:

- This file configures several pallets to include in the runtime.
  Each pallet configuration is defined by a code block that begins with `impl $PALLET_NAME::Config for Runtime`.
- The pallets are composed into a single runtime by way of the [`construct_runtime!`](https://crates.parity.io/frame_support/macro.construct_runtime.html) macro, which is part of the core FRAME Support [system](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/frame-pallets/#system-pallets) library.

### Pallets

The runtime in this project is constructed using many FRAME pallets that ship with the [core Substrate repository](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/frame) and a template pallet that is [defined in the `pallets`](./pallets/template/src/lib.rs) directory.

A FRAME pallet is compromised of a number of blockchain primitives:

> - Storage: FRAME defines a rich set of powerful [storage abstractions](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/build/runtime-storage/) that makes it easy to use Substrate's efficient key-value database to manage the evolving state of a blockchain.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Storage: FRAME defines a rich set of powerful [storage abstractions](https://docs.substrate.io/build/runtime-storage/) that makes it easy to use Substrate's efficient key-value database to manage the evolving state of a blockchain.
```

- Dispatchables: FRAME pallets define special types of functions that can be invoked (dispatched) from outside of the runtime in order to update its state.

> - Events: Substrate uses [events and errors](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/build/events-errors/) to notify users of important changes in the runtime.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Events: Substrate uses [events and errors](https://docs.substrate.io/build/events-and-errors/) to notify users of important changes in the runtime.
```

- Errors: When a dispatchable fails, it returns an error.
- Config: The `Config` configuration interface is used to define the types and parameters upon which a FRAME pallet depends.

## Alternatives Installations

> Instead of installing dependencies and building this source directly, you may consider other options provided in this template.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead of installing dependencies and building this source directly, consider the following alternatives.
```

### Nix

> Install [nix](https://nixos.org/), and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) as well as [lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug and play experience for setting up the development environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Install [nix](https://nixos.org/), and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) and [lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug-and-play experience for setting up the development environment.
```
I wouldn't say that about Nix myself.

> To get all the correct dependencies activate direnv `direnv allow` and lorri `lorri shell`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To get all the correct dependencies, activate direnv `direnv allow` and lorri `lorri shell`.
```

### Docker

First, install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

Then run the following command to start a single node development chain.

```sh
./scripts/docker_run.sh
```

> This command will firstly compile your code, and then start a local development network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This command compiles the code and starts a local development network.
```

You can also replace the default command (`cargo build --release && ./target/release/node-template --dev --ws-external`) by appending your own.

> A few useful ones are as follow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example:
```

  nodes in the network to communicate with one another.
- Consensus: Blockchains must have a way to come to
  [consensus](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/fundamentals/consensus/) on the state of the

>   network.

Reviewer: OSPL missing in this section.

- Dispatchables: FRAME pallets define special types of functions that can be invoked (dispatched) from outside of the runtime in order to update its state.
- Events: Substrate uses [events and errors](https://docs.substrate.io/main-docs/build/events-errors/) to notify users of important changes in the runtime.
- Errors: When a dispatchable fails, it returns an error.
- Config: The `Config` configuration interface is used to define the types and parameters upon which a FRAME pallet depends.

## Alternatives Installations

Instead of installing dependencies and building this source directly, you may consider other options provided in this template.

### Nix

Install [nix](https://nixos.org/) and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) and
[lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug and play experience for setting up
the development environment. To get all the correct dependencies activate direnv `direnv allow` and

> lorri `lorri shell`.

Reviewer: OSPL not applied here?

> Install [nix](https://nixos.org/) and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) and
> [lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug and play experience for setting up
> the development environment. To get all the correct dependencies activate direnv `direnv allow` and
> lorri `lorri shell`.

Author: ```suggestion
Install [nix](https://nixos.org/) and optionally [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) and [lorri](https://github.com/nix-community/lorri) for a fully plug and play experience for setting up the development environment.
To get all the correct dependencies activate direnv `direnv allow` and lorri `lorri shell`.
```
